Hi all and welcome to the weekly update
of the RCA tool.
Since last week's demo,
we have focused on improving consistency
and accuracy for foundational questions.
The tool is now able to generate answers
as well as visualizations based on the
question asked.
As you can see, the responses and outputs,
accuracy and consistency have been
improved to about 75%.
The goal over the coming weeks is to
continue to improve the accuracy and
consistency of the responses.
Thank you for watching and have a nice
day.